
Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices


The following summarizes your rights, your choices, and how your personal health information may be shared under this Notice of HIPAA Privacy Practices.


Applicability of this Notice
Tandem is providing you with this Notice because it is required by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and because we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data. This Notice applies to individuals whose electronic health data we collect, use, or disclose in relation to our diabetes products and services. This Notice is meant to be read in addition to, and not in the place of, the information provided in Tandem’s Notice of Privacy Practices. Please review our Notice of Privacy Practices.

 
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:

With some exceptions, get a copy of your paper or electronic health information
Correct your paper or electronic health information
Request confidential communication
Ask us to limit the information we share
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared your information
Get a copy of this privacy Notice
Choose someone to act for you
File a complaint if you believe your privacy rights have been violated
YOUR CHOICES
You have some choices in the way that we use and share information, in the event we:

Tell family and friends about your condition
Market our services and sell your information
Contact you about our fundraising activities
OUR USES AND DISCLOSURES
We may use and share your information as we:

Assist your health care providers in your medical treatment
Run our organization
Process insurance reimbursement
Fulfill product orders
Help with public health and safety issues
Do research
Comply with the law
Work with a medical examiner or funeral director
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests
Respond to lawsuits and legal actions
 
 

 
 

Your Rights
When it comes to your health information, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities to help you, and provides details to the summary included above.

 
GET AN ELECTRONIC OR PAPER COPY OF YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
You can send us a written request to the address listed below asking to see or get an electronic or paper copy of the health information we have about you. We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.

 
ASK US TO CORRECT YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
You can send us a written request to the address listed below asking us to correct or amend your health information that you think is incorrect or incomplete. We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.

 
REQUEST CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS
You can send us a written request to the address listed below asking us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address. We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests. Please submit all requests in writing to the address listed below.

 
ASK US TO LIMIT WHAT WE USE OR SHARE
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care. If you pay for a Tandem product or service out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer. We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.

 
GET A LIST OF THOSE WITH WHOM WE’VE SHARED INFORMATION
You can ask for a list of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why. We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another within 12 months.

 
GET A COPY OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
You can ask for a paper copy of this Notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the Notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.

 
CHOOSE SOMEONE TO ACT FOR YOU
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information. We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.

 
FILE A COMPLAINT IF YOU FEEL YOUR RIGHTS ARE VIOLATED
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us at compliance@tandemdiabetes.com or sending a letter to Tandem Diabetes Care, Legal Department, 11075 Roselle Street, San Diego, CA 92121

You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, visiting www.hhs.gov/hipaa/filing-a-complaint/what-to-expect/index.html, or calling (877) 696-6775. We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.



Your Choices
For certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.

In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:

Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your care
Share information in a disaster relief situation
If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.

In these cases we never share your information unless you give us written permission:

Marketing purposes, other than communications from us about out own products or services
Sale of your information
Most sharing of psychotherapy notes
In the case of fundraising: We may contact you for fundraising efforts, but you can tell us not to contact you again.

Back to Top >>

 
 

 
 

Our Uses and Disclosures
HOW DO WE TYPICALLY USE OR SHARE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION?
We typically use or share your health information in the following ways:

To assist in your treatment:
We can use your health information and share it with health professionals who are treating you. Example: A doctor treating you asks us about your diabetes pump data.

Run our organization:
We can use and share your health information to run our business, improve your diabetes care, and contact you when necessary. Example: We use health information about you to manage and improve the services and products we provide to you.

Bill for the products we provide:
We can use and share your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities. Example: We give information about you to your health insurance plan so it will pay for your equipment.

 
HOW ELSE CAN WE USE OR SHARE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION?
We are allowed or required to share your information in other ways – usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your information for these purposes. For more information see: www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-individuals/guidance-materials-for-consumers/index.html

Help with public health and safety issues:
We can share health information about you for certain situations such as:

Preventing disease
Helping with product recalls
Reporting product defects or product recalls
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety
Do research:
We can use or share your information for health research.

Comply with the law:
We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we’re complying with federal privacy law.

Work with a medical examiner or funeral director:
We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies.

Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests:
We can use or share health information about you:

For workers’ compensation claims
For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official
With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law
For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective services
Respond to lawsuits and legal actions:
We can share health information about you in response to a legal action you initiate, a court or administrative proceeding or order, or in response to a subpoena.

Back to Top >>

 
 

 
 

Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your protected health information.
We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your information.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this Notice and give you a copy of it.
We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
For more information see: www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-individuals/notice-privacy-practices/index.html

Back to Top >>