Who We Are
Glucocheck is a medical data visualization company dedicated to improving the lives of people with diabetes through relentless innovation and revolutionary customer experience. If you have any questions about this Notice, or how we collect and use your data, you can contact us at the address or phone number listed below in the how can you contact us about your information section.


Scope of this Notice
This Notice, along with the other Notices listed below, identifies the kinds of personal data we collect from you, when we collect it, how we use it, if and to whom we disclose it, and how we protect it. It also summarizes the rights you have regarding your personal data.


Depending on where you live, you may have additional privacy rights not explained in this notice. Accordingly, in addition to this Notice please review the following statute-specific Notices if they apply to you:


If you are an existing customer, or have contacted us regarding our products or services, please read our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices


Our General Approach Regarding the Collection of Your Personal Data
We take the privacy of your personal data very seriously, and several laws and regulations require us to handle your data in very specific ways. The data privacy principles we follow are:

We will transparently explain how we collect, use, and disclose your data in clear, plain language.
We will collect, use, and disclose your data only for the purposes specified in this Notice, in the Notices listed in the scope of this notice section, and in accordance with any separately-obtained consent. You may request to withdraw your consent at any time.
We will use commercially reasonable measures to protect your data from loss, theft, and unauthorized access.
We will collect, use, and disclose your data in a fair, legal way.
We will never sell your personal data.


What information do we collect from you, and Why?
Glucocheck collects your personal data through several different ways, which are explained below. Personal data does not include data that has been made anonymous, meaning it has been stripped of all information that could be used to identify you. In many cases, we collect your data from you directly, but in some instances, we may receive data about you from third parties.

 
NEW PATIENT INFORMATION
We collect the personal data you voluntarily provide us when you’re interested in a Tandem pump. For instance, we collect this data through our “Sign-Up” form.

The information collected includes, for example, your name and contact details, and information about your health and medical diagnosis and treatment.


When We Share Your Information
We do not transfer, sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others outside of Glucocheck, except in the following instances: (i) you give us permission to do so; (ii) in accordance with the Notices listed in the scope of this notice section.

If we transfer your personal information from the EU to the US, or from Switzerland to the US, then Tandem follows the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about this, please read our Privacy Shield Policy, at www.tandemdiabetes.com/privacy/privacy_shield.

In rare instances, we may have to share your data with law enforcement agencies or to the extent permitted by law to protect our rights and comply with judicial process.

If you are a Tandem pump user, we may also be required by US governmental regulations to share your personal data with the Food and Drug Administration in the event of a pump malfunction or if an injury is caused by Tandem’s products or services.

Please note that our website may provide links to other sites. When you click on one of these links, you are leaving our site and entering another site that we do not control and for which we cannot be responsible. We highly recommend that you review the privacy policies or notices contained on those external sites.


How do we retain and protect your information?
The information we collect from you is subject to storage in our virtual and physical databases, on our workforce’s mobile electronic devices (such as cell phones, laptops, or tablets) and may be archived on physical media (such as tape). We will securely retain your data, and only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, in a way that complies with our internal policies and procedures, or for an amount of time required by a law or regulation.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed as being 100% secure. However, we place high value on protecting your information, and have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect from you. By doing that, we seek to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and privacy of your data while keeping your data free from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access.


How can you contact us about your information?
You may wish to contact us about your information for several reasons. To do so, you may email us at compliance@tandemdiabetes.com or write us at:

Tandem Diabetes Care
Attn: Legal Department
11075 Roselle Street
San Diego, CA 92121

Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.


What Are Your Rights Concerning Your Data?
You have several legal rights concerning your personal data we collect and use. Depending on where you live, these may include the right to access your data, correct or amend your data, request an accounting of disclosures of your data, object to our use of your data, and to lodge a complaint with appropriate government agencies.

Please note that in some circumstances Tandem may not be able, or may refuse, to honor your access, amendment, or accounting requests. Tandem can do so if, for example, honoring your request would reveal information protected by law, or if doing so would reveal confidential commercial information.

For more information about your HIPAA and/or GDPR rights, or how to exercise any of them, please read the relevant Privacy Notices listed in the scope of this notice section. To exercise your rights under PIPEDA, please send us a written request at the address listed in the how can you contact us about your information section. You can also contact us with any questions or concerns by mail or by email at the addresses provided above in the who we are and how can you contact us about your information sections.


California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) applies to California businesses who use California residents’ personal data and gives those residents certain rights relative to their personal data. To the extent required by the CCPA, Tandem will provide you a CCPA notice upon collection of your personal data.

Tandem does not sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.


California Do-Not-Track Disclosures
At this time, our web site does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals sent from your web browser. A uniform standard has not yet been adopted to determine how DNT signals should be interpreted and what actions should be taken by websites and third parties that receive them.